Remove the 'experimental' notes from the grouped batching docs. (#19639)
microsoft/FluidFramework: packages/runtime/container-runtime/src/opLifecycle/README.md

### Risks

> This option should **ONLY** be enabled after observing that 99.9% of your application sessions contains these changes (runtime version "2.0.0-internal.4.1.0" or later). Containers created with this option may not open in future versions of the framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option should **ONLY** be enabled after observing that 99.9% of your application sessions contains these changes (runtime version "2.0.0-internal.7.0.0" or later). Containers created with this option may not open in future versions of the framework.
```
I think the version needs to be updated as well from the assert fixes a couple months ago.
